if there was a pill that gave you powers
would you take it
the film opens with a man biggie
unveiling a shipping container full of
drugs to a gang of dealers
in exchange for selling the pill the
vendors get it for free one man
newt asks what it's called this is power
oh hey the name of the movie next up we
meet a young girl
robin rapping as she examines the power
pill two hooligans pull up on her turf
and she confronts them
fainting that she has a gun behind her
back they call her bluff
and the third man blindsides her from
behind they want what she's selling and
they want it for free
the kids proceed to beat her up and take
her pills suddenly
a man frank drives up on a motorcycle
he's a cop
one of the kids reaches for a pill but
frank is quick to draw his pistol
as the kid prepares to take the pill
frank warns him that he doesn't know
what power he'll get
and there's a good chance he'll die they
play a little game of chicken before
frank ultimately snatches away the pill
fortunately for the kids he's only got
one handcuff which he uses on robin
they run off but then he lets her go
turns out he's been buying power from
her
with criminals turning to the drug he
decided to level the playing field
before departing frank reveals that the
bike he wrote in on is a belated
birthday gift for robin
we cut to a man art walking through a
rundown apartment complex with a gun in
hand
he knocks on a door and is greeted by a
gun wielding newt who anxiously
questions him
our tells him to call his boss and tell
him the major is here
while new runs off to make that call art
slips a string over the chain to unlock
the door
he investigates the home which is in
shambles finding holes in the ground and
even a pet alligator
art finds new rummaging through a bit of
burner phones newt eyes a pistol but art
implores him to reconsider
he doesn't a small scuffle ensues before
nude seeks refuge in the bathroom
his phone rings outside and art snags it
new whips out his stash of power and
pops a pill
within moments we're treated to a
brilliant visual display as his fire
wielding powers manifest
newton merges engulfed in flames he
charges art who narrowly avoids his
fiery wrath
art responds with a blast of the chest
but this only seems to stoke newt's fire
he flees as newt pops three more pills
the fight continues in an apartment just
below where the angry resident douses
newt with water
this buys art enough time to set up a
trap new runs in after him and gets
caught in soaking wet jacket before
being submerged in a tub of water
art demands to know his source while
repeatedly dunking newt's head he coughs
up a name
biggie before blowing up as the result
of an overdose during the explosion
art is transported to a flashback where
his daughter tracy is taken from him
following a car accident
the next morning robin wakes up for
school and sees newt's blown up
apartment on the news
turns out he's her cousin robin's mom
irene tells her to check up on him
later at school she does just that
though texting in class earns her a
stern warning from her uptight teacher
he embarrasses her revealing her grades
to the class upon questioning her on her
life plans her friend chimes in
mentioning robin's aspirations for a rap
career the teacher challenges her to
make him believe she's got a shot
and he'll pass her with the c in
exchange
yeah turns out that was all in her head
and she kind of just gets sent to the
office instead
yeah that was a rhyme on our tent of
things he pretends to be newt and
arranges a meet up
meanwhile frank deals with an ongoing
robbery it's a tricky hostage situation
with one of the escapees claiming he got
hit by a ghost
the police captain is seen arguing with
two men in black suits as they take over
the scene
frank's having none of that and decides
to take matters into his own hands
he pops a pill and sets a timer for five
minutes upon entering
he passes by the assailant who's
basically a chameleon frank takes a
cheeky shot from behind before the man
runs off
the chase ensues and the invisible man
ends up on a bus he opens the bag of
money
but a dye pack goes off covering him in
pink pain now that frank can see him
the rest is easy as pie or maybe not
that's right frank's power renders him
bulletproof he recovers and finishes off
mr chameleon
after a quick checkup frank's boss hits
him down and confronts him about his
powers
frank admits to taking the pill and as a
result is stripped of his badge and gun
though he makes a case for himself and
wins the police chief over
the chief offers him a get out of jail
free card in the form of a mission
all he has to do is capture this man the
source of power
wait a sec that's art art is seen
hanging around a diner waiting for
whomever he was texting to arrive
the hours pass by before robin finally
shows up she knocks on the bathroom door
in search of new
cueing art into the fact that she's who
he's looking for he heads outside
and waits while robin returns to her
bike the tires of her bike have been
slashed and she's forced to walk at home
along the way art subdues her and stops
her in his trunk
meanwhile frank heats her up and leaves
a message stating that he needs a refill
our drives rob into an abandoned
location and as she kicks and shouts
he tries to reason with her after a
little back and forth she admits to
pushing power
he brings her to the passenger seat and
presents her with a photo of who he
thinks might be picky but she claims not
to know
we cut to a brief scene of biggie and
his boss dr gardner discussing their
plans before he meets with a woman with
deep ties to south american cartels
it's not just the product these pills
will topple governments
back in the car robin sends frank as
sneaky text asking for help
or rather heck art tells her to focus on
the task at hand
and has her call a number he got off
newt's phone she says she has a problem
and the operator tells her to go to hong
kong market and ask for alligator wine
they pull up to the spot and she heads
in art trailing just behind
upon asking about alligator wine she's
escorted inside meanwhile art helps a
man pick out a sauce
i see is it mouth looking
robin tells the man inside that the guy
who killed nude is here he pops a pill
and locks robin inside before exiting r
pulls up on the man and holds him at
scissor point demanding to get some
answers instead a fight breaks out and
robin is left helpless as the room she's
in is attached to a truck which takes
off
she whimpers and takes cover as stray
bullets turn the room into swiss cheese
as the last man standing art peeks
through bullet hole to check up on robin
oh
he's still alive a flurry of shots is
unloaded before the door dog begins to
radically move
art stumbles in and in a bloody daze
confuses robin for his daughter tracy
the pair breaks into a locker room
inside to find a computer station
detailing an upcoming local
demonstration of power art explains to
robin that power is being funded by the
government
and tested on the people of new orleans
noticing arts deteriorating condition
she runs back into the market
oh he's still alive robin shouts for
help and the man answers her call
art saves the day and finishes him off
for good this time
i promise art collapses as robin
prepares to break down the door
he begs for her help and after offering
her some money she gives in
some time elapses and we see her
stitching art up at the vet's office
her mom works there they become friends
and she even shares some of her wrapping
skills with him
you smoke that meanwhile frank follows
up on robin's text
and visits her home upon walking up to
the door he finds the same black suits
from earlier antagonizing irene
they insinuate that things could get
ugly if her daughter doesn't turn up
soon
frank sneaks in through the bathroom
window and quickly hatches a clever plan
he takes off his shirt wets his hair and
emerges from the bathroom
are we all out of that hippie shampoo
get this man an oscar irene is obviously
flabbergasted
but frank slips in that robin sent him
while he plants a kiss
frank then proceeds to be the first
white man to play the race card
are you assuming that me and this
beautiful black woman wouldn't be able
to share a happy home
okay we get it netflix he whips out his
phone camera and the men get
uncomfortable and decide to leave
after quickly explaining things to irene
he runs up on their departing truck
and sticks irene's duct-taped phone to
it frank follows the truck while art and
robin drive off to the demonstration
along the way art shares that he was
experimented on in the military
they radiated his cells and as a result
the daughter he went on to have
developed powers they took her from him
and he's just trying to get her back
they arrive and bump into one of the
guys they saw on the computer earlier
art sneakily pickpockets the keys to his
bike and gives it to ramen art follows
the man to the event and buys a beer off
a hobo before entering
he pretends to be drunk and it proves to
be an effective strategy
he walks in to find biggie giving a
demonstration to all his backers
the pill allows one to unlock the
various powers seen in the animal
kingdom
a woman is placed in a container which
he's happy to mention is identical to
the one they have in the cia
she pops a pill and develops ice powers
or rather thermal regulation
they turn up the heat to keep her comfy
frank gets the attention of a guard and
before he knows it
gets a new breathing hole brutal
meanwhile frank has just arrived and is
shocked to see robin there
they argue back and forth about whether
or not art is a good guy remember
frank still thinks he's the source of
power back inside and before begi can
close his deal
art walks up and discreetly holds him at
gunpoint a woman notices the dead guard
and shouts
prompting panic to set in the room
everyone gets their guns out while art
holds biggie hostage
the cartel lady tells r he can have him
all they want is the merchandise
cold suddenly one of the men pops a pill
and unveils his power
dying all hell breaks loose as a
shootout ensues we watch on from within
the tank which has lost power
the woman inside slowly freezes to death
while the men outside engage in a death
match
art and vicki are the only ones left
standing he presents him with the same
photo from earlier but when he plays
dumb
art shoots his fingers off before he can
lay him out frank steps in
he demands art stands down and he
complies
just kidding biggie capitalizes on the
moment and we find out how he got his
nickname
[Applause]
the pair booked it out of there while
our bus up some gas tanks
frank snags some power pills as he
leaves art fires a couple shots
triggering an explosion that sends bicky
flying in chunks
to the dismay of robin frank apprehends
art she tells art to share a story but
he tells her to go home
after they leave robin spots the man
from the photograph and follows him
meanwhile art tells frank it's not too
late for him to get out of this alive
he laughs considering he's quite
literally in the driver's seat of the
situation
our bets and then in 30 seconds his
captain is going to tell him to stay put
instead of bringing him in sure enough
that happens
art explains that someone else is likely
calling the shots and that this is all
in operation to test out the power pills
on human subjects
wanting to help the people of his city
frank agrees to aid art
art asks if he's got any pills left we
cut to a few moments later armed mints
around the car
but frank is gone some time elapses and
robin is at a dock as the boat is
preparing to take off with art
frank appears behind her he's not
pleased that she's there but nonetheless
has her keep watch for him he pops a
pill and heads up to a gay
but the guard isn't playing nice frank
puts on his best clint eastwood
impression
it seems to work just kidding on earth's
end of things
dr gardner gives him a little spiel
about how she's a pioneer before he
tells her to shove it up her butt
he's sent below the deck frank kicks
some butt and robin hitches a ride on a
car
they meet up in the control room and
spot art along with some guards on the
camera then let them through
frank once again has her play lookout as
he heads out in search of him
along the way robin spots tracy and
frank runs into trouble
unfortunately their earpiece breaks up
plus robin has this to worry about
fortunately there's an intercom which he
uses to shout out some motivational
words at frank while he battles one
stretchy boy
y'all hear that that's the sound of the
most advanced tactical team in the world
no no i don't think it is before the
behemoth of a man can bust in
robin manages to help frank defeat the
elastic man upon barging in
the man finds the control panel busted
and robin gone who is left to find tracy
meanwhile art intimidates his captors by
revealing which animal he gets his
powers from
the pistol shrimp a creature with the
ability to snap its claws so fast it
causes shock waves that temporarily
reach the temperatures of the sun
fun fact this is real anyway he's been
hiding a pill in his mouth this whole
time
the guards let him free and the big
henchmen arrives with the help of frank
art blows a hole straight through his
chest
robin manages to get a hold of tracy and
everyone heads up to the deck
art reunites with his daughter and
everyone makes their way to the lifeboat
though they run into this wolverine
ripoff instead art and robin stay behind
to whoop his behind
and then go to join tracy and frank in
the bow though robin gets caught out
they hold her hostage prompting art to
confront them he gives them one final
chance
before ingesting the pill he's been
saving and unleashing his devastating
power
we're treated to a brilliant display of
destruction as art decimates everything
around him
awesome afterwards he collapses and
robin runs up on him
tracy joins and shows off her power
healing that's convenient
the group returns the lifeboat and sets
sail towards freedom in the aftermath
we see that frank has decided to go
public with the story and robin goes on
to pursue her rap career
ending up on the radio good for her